To Delete: Palette Virtual Cluster Pause/Resume (#976)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/07-sandbox-clusters.md

   * Review the information and deploy the Palette virtual cluster. The Palette virtual cluster will be provisioned within the next few minutes.

<br />

## Palette Virtual Cluster Pause and Resume

> Palette allows the pause and resume of Palette Virtual Clusters when not in use. This feature enables the users to optimize resource utilization by pausing the Virtual Clusters, not in use. This adds significant flexibility in managing operating costs and resource management for the Palette Virtual Clusters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette allows the pause and resume of Palette Virtual Clusters when not in use. This feature enables the users to optimize resource utilization by pausing the virtual clusters not in use. This adds significant flexibility in managing operating costs and resource management for the Palette Virtual Clusters. 
```

<br />

### System and Resource Impact

> * The quota allocation is independent of a Virtual Cluster's Pause or Resume status.

Reviewer: All instances of "Virtual Cluster" should be changed to the virtual cluster. They are all title cased when they should be lower case. We are not using Virtual Clusters as a term after the initial definition of Palette Virtual Cluster. After the initial usage, we can simply refer to the usage as virtual clusters.

> * The CPU and Memory are freed to the Cluster Group upon pausing a Virtual Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CPU and memory are freed and returned to the Cluster Group upon pausing a Virtual Cluster.
```
Added 'returned to' make it clearer what is happening.

> * The CPU and memory are freed and returned to the Cluster Group upon pausing a Virtual Cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The CPU and memory are freed and returned to the Cluster Group when you pause a virtual cluster.
```

> * Resources such as storage, and Load Balancers remain allocated to a Virtual Cluster regardless of the state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Resources such as storage, and Load Balancers remain allocated to a virtual cluster regardless of the cluster's state.
```

> * The Apps deployed on a Virtual Cluster go to a pause state when the cluster is paused.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Apps deployed on a virtual cluster go to a pause state when the cluster is paused.
```

> * New Apps cannot be deployed on a Virtual Cluster in the paused state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* New Apps cannot be deployed on a virtual cluster in the paused state.
```

* Virtual Clusters in a paused state will continue to appear as an entry in the Palette Dev Engine Console. 

<br />

> 

Reviewer: This is great, but we need to explain to the user what the link below is for. It can be as short as a sentence but let's always provide context to the reader. As an example -  "To learn how to pause and resume your Palette Virtual cluster. Check out the how-to guide."

> * Virtual Clusters in a paused state will continue to appear as an entry in the Palette Dev Engine Console. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Virtual clusters in a paused state will continue to appear as an entry in the Palette Dev Engine Console. 
```

   * Review the information and deploy the Palette virtual cluster. The Palette virtual cluster will be provisioned within the next few minutes.

<br />

## Palette Virtual Cluster Pause and Resume

> The Palette allows the Pause and Resume of Palette Virtual Clusters when not in use. This feature enables the users with optimized resource sharing by pausing the virtual clusters, not in use. This adds significant flexibility in managing operating costs and resource management for the Palette virtual clusters. 

Reviewer: The Palette ??? Did you mean the Palette platform?

Reviewer: Pause and Resume are not nouns, so they should not be in title case.

Reviewer: Is it only for users with optimized resources? It's a feature for all users that helps them manage resources more efficiently but more importantly, better manage the cost of running clusters.

Reviewer: Palette Virtual Clusters should be in title case.

<br />

> ### Resource Dependencies

Reviewer: This title is confusing. The content below sounds more like prerequisites, but it's also mixing general information. The two need to be separated.

> * The Quota allocation is independent of a Virtual Cluster's Pause or Resume status.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what this means. When I read the sentence, I ask myself, "does this mean that the user's quota is always in effect?" Meaning that regardless of the state of a cluster (paused/active), the requested CPU and memory are still counted towards the overall user's quota limit?

Additionally,  quota and virtual clusters should not be in the title case.

> * The CPU and Memory are freed upon pausing a Virtual Cluster.

Reviewer: Let's be specific, what CPU and memory is it freed? Is it from the overall user's quota?

> * Resources like Storage and Load Balancers are allocated to the paused Virtual Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resources such as CPU, storage, and Load Balancers remain allocated to a virtual cluster regardless of the state.
```
Minor language clean-up

> * The Apps deployed on a Palette Virtual Cluster goes to a Pause state when the Virtual Cluster is paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Apps deployed on a virtual cluster go to a pause state when the cluster is paused.
```
The term virtual cluster has been used previously, so it's fine to stick with it.

> * To a paused Palette Virtual Cluster, deploying new apps cannot be done until it is resumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New apps cannot be deployed on a virtual cluster in the paused state.
```
I simplified the language.

> * The paused virtual clusters will still appear as an entry in the Palette Dev Engine Console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Virtual clusters in a paused state will continue to appear as an entry in the Palette Dev Engine Console. 
```

<br />

> ### How to Pause and Resume your Palette Virtual Cluster

Reviewer: @resmaa take a peek at the [How-to layout standard](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DE/pages/1774944263/How-to+Layout).  The current content is close to following the standard, but we need to add a validation step and prerequisites.
